Update building-on-polygon.md (#113)
0xPolygon/polygon-docs: docs/pos/get-started/building-on-polygon.md

Polygon Mumbai Testnet connects to Ethereum Goërli Testnet, which acts as its ParentChain, a testnet layer 1 (L1).

> Find all the network-related details in the [network documentation](https://docs.polygon.technology/pos/reference/rpc-endpoints/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find all the network-related details in the [network documentation](../reference/rpc-endpoints.md).
```
